off the start a brilliant start
initially by shakey byrne also a
terrific start by Stewart Eastern but up
the inside through a knife the Milwaukee
Yamaha of Josh Brookes any took off
straight away even downhill towards
cascade he was drawing out a substantial
lead on that first love and the shaky
said all jus accolades to the way the
Australian set about that race so he
chopped off into the lead and then an
enormous squabble ensued behind him that
involved all of these guys with Stuart
Eastern leaving a fair few moments going
on as the wench sweeping through
cascades their Eastern leading in from
keon re Bridewell cutting through inside
Chris Walker of Lodge corner also
involved there Josh waters number 12 on
the tiger Suzuki dunlin bottom before
the Quattro plant Kawasaki a big move by
Gucci kyun re cost him dear though
because he then got passed back by
Eastern and also overtaken by number
four dozen input this gave live caught a
glimpse of his first-ever podium he then
launched trust steward eastern while
tommy bridewell shook his way past josh
waters and then this pace of the chasing
pack took them onto the back wheel of
shakey Byrne and another delightful move
by lyn foot he pulled that one on
Stewart Eastern and it worked on shaky
bird he moved
into second place but as he went why
coming out of cascades shakey Byrne the
determined triple champion just wound up
the Kawasaki and we took him massive
moment for steward Eastern brilliantly
saved coming out of shallows or that
allowed kyun re through as they went up
clay hill it was Ken re who was then
going to attack for that podium place
Josh Brookes a delighted race winner
here at Oulton Park shakey Byrne second
dunlin foot fending off you itchy kyun
re to claim his career first pretty
Superbike podium finish and that was
another race win the 20th race win of
this man's are pretty soon by career
well done Josh